feat: introduce touchscreen.touch() for dispatching raw touch events (#31457)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-touchscreen.md

### param: Touchscreen.tap.y
* since: v1.8
- `y` <[float]>

## async method: Touchscreen.touch
* since: v1.46

Synthesizes a touch event.

### param: Touchscreen.touch.type
* since: v1.46
- `type` <[TouchType]<"touchstart"|"touchend"|"touchmove"|"touchcancel">>

Type of the touch event.

> ### param: Touchscreen.touch.touchPoints

Reviewer: Since you advertise it as event generator, align with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/TouchEvent/touches.

```suggestion
### param: Touchscreen.touch.touches
```

* since: v1.46
- `touchPoints` <[Array]<[Object]>>
  - `x` <[float]> x coordinate of the event in CSS pixels.
  - `y` <[float]> y coordinate of the event in CSS pixels.
  - `id` ?<[int]> Identifier used to track the touch point between events, must be unique within an event. Optional.

> List of touch points for this event. `id` is a unieue identifier of a touch point that helps indentify it between touch events for the duration of its movement around the surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of touch points for this event. `id` is a unique identifier of a touch point that helps identify it between touch events for the duration of its movement around the surface.
```
